[APPSEC-26] Add Kotlin specification (#1045)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6432/kotlin/rule.adoc

include::../description.adoc[]

== Noncompliant Code Example

[source,kotlin]
----

> fun encrypt(key: ByteArray, ptxt: ByteArray) {
>     val nonce: ByteArray = "7cVgr5cbdCZV".toByteArray() // Noncompliant: Static initialization vector (IV)
> 
>     val gcmSpec  = GCMParameterSpec(128, nonce) // Noncompliant: Initialization vector (IV) configured
>     val skeySpec = SecretKeySpec(key, "AES")
> 
>     val cipher: Cipher = Cipher.getInstance("AES/GCM/NoPadding")
>     cipher.init(Cipher.ENCRYPT_MODE, skeySpec, gcmSpec) // Noncompliant
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fun encrypt(key: ByteArray, ptxt: ByteArray) {
    val nonce: ByteArray = "7cVgr5cbdCZV".toByteArray() // The initialization vector is a static value.

    val gcmSpec  = GCMParameterSpec(128, nonce) // The initialization vector is configured here.
    val skeySpec = SecretKeySpec(key, "AES")

    val cipher: Cipher = Cipher.getInstance("AES/GCM/NoPadding")
    cipher.init(Cipher.ENCRYPT_MODE, skeySpec, gcmSpec) // Noncompliant
}
```
